hi I'm Malcolm parents from the yellow
owners Network I'm aboard the new Salada
C 379 with Tim Harley from C ventures
who kindly made the boat available for
this short demonstration we're
particularly looking at the ease of
operation of the German Maine Chevy
system that comes standard on this new
boat we're sailing in around 18 to 20
knots of breeze full sail is the deep
draft boat and the boat is extremely
well-mannered and easy to operate you
can see there are sheets coming back
right to the helmsman to the two primary
winches the red sheet is the
double-ended main sheet and the blue
sheet you can see just forward of the
winch is the lazy genoa sheet the
helmsman has got full control at all
times by using the clutch on the main
sheet so as you can see just there this
sheet had been cast off to allow change
over here the main sheet to Winwood is
being removed the lazy genoa sheet has
just been put onto the winch ready for
the boat to be tacked
attacking the boat is just
straightforward the same as any other
sailboat the advantage of the 379 these
are the two wheels you've got very very
good visibility forward for the helmsman
the mainsheet has just been removed from
the wench to allow the Genoa to be put
on ready for the tack transferring over
to the other helm position motors then
tacked as normal to a nice shaping cast
off returning to the upper home position
to haul in the Genoa and back underway
you
the real beauty of this system is that
the helmsman has always got full control
at all times both for the main sheet and
the Genoa tacking the boat becomes very
very straightforward whether you're
sailing single-handed whether you've got
guests relaxing forward of the twin
wheels effectively the mainsail controls
being always and the exactly the right
position from the helmsman to control
the boat a very very impressive package
I hope you found this of interest
you